[PowerToys Awake] Clarify lock screen behavior, add security considerations (#5719)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/powertoys/awake.md

You can use PowerToys Awake directly from PowerToys Settings or as a standalone executable (`PowerToys.Awake.exe` in the PowerToys installation folder).

> [!NOTE]

> > PowerToys Awake is active only when you are logged in and it is enabled. **Awake does not function when the lock screen is displayed.** Your normal power plan is active at other times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> PowerToys Awake is active only when you are signed in and it is enabled. **Awake doesn't function when the lock screen is displayed.** Your normal power plan is active at other times.
```

>

> > PowerToys Awake does not modify any of the Windows power plan settings and does not depend on a custom power plan configuration. Instead, it spawns background threads that tell Windows that they require a specific state of the machine. Once PowerToys Awake exits, the threads are terminated and the computer will resume its standard power plan behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> PowerToys Awake doesn't modify any of the Windows power plan settings and doesn't depend on a custom power plan configuration. Instead, it spawns background threads that tell Windows that they require a specific state of the machine. Once PowerToys Awake exits, the threads are terminated and the computer resumes its standard power plan behavior.
```

This feature only works when PowerToys Awake is enabled and has one of the custom power states selected. It also does not prevent any user-initiated actions, such as manually putting the computer to sleep or hibernating it.

## Lock screen behavior

> PowerToys Awake does not function when the lock screen is displayed. This is because the lock screen operates in a separate security context from the user session. When you lock your computer, Windows transitions to this secure context, and user-mode applications like PowerToys Awake cannot maintain their power requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PowerToys Awake doesn't work when the lock screen is displayed. This limitation exists because the lock screen operates in a separate security context from the user session. When you lock your computer, Windows transitions to this secure context, and user-mode applications like PowerToys Awake can't maintain their power requests.
```
